Welcome to our detailed design meeting. and then I'll talk about the minutes from the last meeting, what we discussed,. then we'll have the prototype presentation. and a look at the evaluation criteria. and finally a do a production evaluation. we're gonna use a kinetic battery,. we want to use a simple chip,. we're choosing a latex case in fruity colours that's curved. and we're using push buttons with a supplement of an on-screen menu.
We made three different prototypes. our colours not are not fixed,. we have the on off button at the tip, very visible, very big. We have our up and down buttons,. which are also gonna be our channel selectors,. and we have our little menu button here. If you push if you're just pushing these normally, they're the menu buttons, if the volume buttons rather. If you press select once, they become channel changing buttons. That's our number one prototype.
The little lightning bolt in it, very cute.
We call that one the rhombus,. this one is known as the potato,. It's an ergonomic shape,. I've gone here just for just for four buttons on this one. the two blue buttons here are for adjusting the volume. So you've got volume up and volume down on the other side here. this middle button here brings up the on-screen menu
Could the middle button of the on-screen menu function as a power button?
It would make it hard to turn the machine off, to turn your TV off.
And then finally we have the Martian or the pear, either way. it's a bit different, just a little bit more of a creative feel. you have the on off toggle stem on the top. And then you have on the sides to make it a little bit more three-dimensional,. plus it's an interesting talking point to have standing up. We figured it could stand up like this on your table, if you wanted it to, if I made the bot the bottom flat.
In terms of making decisions, what we'd need to do is first of all decide on a form which of the three different shapes we want,. then decide what kind of button layout we want, how many buttons,. and then to choose what colours we want to make the buttons
Normally we'd go for fruity colours,. but maybe we're also thinking that your sort of middle aged man, for an example customer, might not want a fruity coloured remote,
But the the feature that we considered for it not getting lost.
We were we were talking about that a little bit. and we think that each of these are so distinctive, that it it's not just like another piece of technology around your house. It's gonna be somewhere that it can be seen. So we're we're not thinking that it's gonna be as critical to have the loss
Would it be very difficult to just have an external device. that like I dunno, you tape to your to your TV. that when you press it. a little light beep goes off?
I think it would be difficult technologically,. and then I wonder if it's if it's more just a gimmick then anything else.
There might be something that you can do in the circuit board and the chip to make it make a noise or something,. but it would take a lot more development than we have this afternoon.
We so we do we've decided not to worry about that for now. 'cause well, the designs are very bright,. so you're right, they're gonna stick out,
I sort of like this one,. it just it's like small but still sort of like cute looking,. But I dunno how much any of this has to do with the fashionable, sort of cool looking thing
Could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for on off? why don't we do a product evaluation using your criteria,
I think we're supposed to have one that we do it for. I was a little vague on what exactly I'm supposed to do,. I have to like write something on the whiteboard, so.
It's kind of like like a joystick kind of thing,
It makes look more fruity as well.
There it could have a stem like that,
Is that where people are leaning then, the potato?
Variety of colours are nice. I think I'm leaning towards the potato.
That's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down, that one.
I am worried about like using a menu. withing menus there are submenus,. and so how do you get back to the main menu?
On the iPod, for example, you just every time you wanna go back you hit the menu button again
But that has a menu button separate from a select button,
The up and down buttons are used for scrolling up and down for a list of choices.
Could these be used for going to submenus
Maybe it can be one of those,. if you press down and hold. for two seconds, then it brings you back one level or something.
Some of the things that we've talked about before we need to make sure that that remote actually does conform to the things that we said it was going to. what we sort of wanna do is that we each need to separately. rank each of the following things. and then I'll tabulate an average. and each of you can tell me on a scale of one to seven. with one being really extremely true. and seven being not true at all, or false,. First we wanna know if it meets the fancy look and feel objective. in my opinion the for now at least, the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle. so I'm gonna say it's like a three.
I I kind of think it's it's unique enough that I'd give it a one or a two.
I dunno if fancy is the word I would use.
And same sort of scale for functionality, is it functional? I think it's extremely functional,
I think it'll get everything done,. then I'm gonna give it a two.
Is it technologically innovative? Not really, I mean not so much,. 'cause we we don't have the LCD screen,
The kinetic battery.
How many people would notice that, though?
And if it's made of like latex, that whole idea, that's pretty cool.
Think I'm gonna go with the four as well.
We next wanna see if it has a spongy quality. and if indeed it's made of latex or rubber I it's spongy all the way.
Give it a one.
And the next is, does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables? is it gonna be yellow?
We might wanna keep it yellow.
I know it would make it a little less a little more confusing,. but if we had all the buttons in black, and a design in and the outside in yellow, that'd be our corporate one. and we could also have alternative colours, one a more conservative one, one that's more fruity. and can we have like an RR inscribed on the bottom or something?
It was inspired by the potato,. so I think it's pretty fruity.
I think i it's kind of mangoey too.
That's a much more trendy than a potato
And does the design match the appropriate behaviour? Remember earlier we discussed that people don't use a lot of buttons,. so I'm gonna give it a one. also we talked earlier about RSI and wanting to prevent any sort of like Carpal Tunnely kind of thing. Do we think that the latex sort of grip appropriately takes that into account? I think I'll give it a two,
And if it's repetitive movement it is gonna be only four buttons that you're constantly pushing,
And the ease of learning it.
The menu system and the the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing,. but I think if it's one it's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out, but you'll have it afterwards. So I'd I think I'd give it a two I guess.
Because you have to you have to use the menu system. and you have to tell it what your favourite channels are. and that could take a bit of learning at first,. So I'd I'd give it a four.
Also earlier we had something about losing it. and so now we're not addressing that at all,
I think we can kind of say we addressed it with colour,
I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a four,. how how well does it address just being simple? it like wants to be simple but it's not like totally totally simple,
I'm give it a three I guess.
It's totally fashionable.
I think it's bringing technology and fashion together real really well. And does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal, that whole thing?
If we offer in a in at least three different colour arrangements. So I'll give it a a two. we didn't we didn't address the fact that it does need to have a corporate logo,. so let's let's make sure we keep that in mind that we ha that one of our colours concepts is corporate and has an RR on it.
I think all of them should have an RR.
Now we're gonna look at finances. I have an Excel sheet that we're actually gonna calculate the cost,. We're using kinetic battery,
Guess it's double-curved.
Don't we need plastic, and. It was rubber and special colour,
We're using we're gonna need at least two special colours.
I don't know what the se the basic colour is though. like we'll have yellow and black.
Maybe the RR will be in colour as well,. And how many buttons do we have?
We have six.
The case material will just have one colour,. but then the buttons will be in special colours?
I think they're fine. Material, we want them rubber as well probably, yeah.
Thirteen point seven. what can we reduce?
Let's have our buttons all be one colour.
Maybe it's single-curved,
It's single curved.
Case material is rubber. and it's a special colour,
It was it was thirteen. and now it's fifteen.
Now it's twelve.
What was our target price again?
Twelve point five.
So we're okay, I think. are the are the costs under twelve fifty Euro? Let's move on to the project evaluation. Project process. Satisfaction with for example the room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, the means, any new ideas found. So I guess what we're gonna talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project,. the information we got on the news, how we used it,. if we were able to, you know, use our creativity with the information,. how how well I guess I led it,. the how well we worked together as a team,. the digital pens,
I felt very creative.
I think we've been successful
I enjoyed making the prototypes. I think we could've done even better with a little bit more information,. like what's a single-curved case,. but given given what we had I think that we did we did really well.
If I'd had more market research on the fruits and vegetables, maybe we could've taken that into account. I thought the pen was a little distracting for me personally,. That was the last one, like I chose not to do a PowerPoint
I think we all made very significant contributions,. I don't think anybody dominated it,
What did we find for new ideas? People should really base their remotes on fruits and vegetables. I I am really into the idea of kinetic batteries now after reading about them.
Is the project evaluated? there's the final questionnaire and meeting summary. this is the great product kids,. and that we have a market for it, especially if we can produce it at twelve point three. Make sure in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the the final results. I do like the Martian remote. If we could choose more than one, that would be my second choice. Although the tog toggle
I would break it. I would break it.
Is it started as a pear,
Kind of looks like a penguin, like with no eye. Nothing will come up until after our meeting's supposed to be over,
I got more master classes,
What did I get through the corporate website? It's just inspiration about circuit boards.
The Excel thing is pretty cool.
I learned a lot actually. I could probably take apart a remote control now if I really needed to. I wrote it all down,. because I thought it would be relevant, like all the different parts of the inside of a remote control,. but then they're like, you don't actually need this
I I thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing. otherwise the technology today was kinda cool.
We didn't we didn't use the whiteboard that much.
Although I don't see how we could have very at least for me
And I think usually, like whiteboards are good, you know like crossing out ideas, or like if we had had like a brainstorming period.
We could've put our brainstorming stuff up there rather than just talking about it,
And with and with the PowerPoint that we can all look at, like you can do all those things pretty much on PowerPoint
'cause we all needed them separately, kind of on the whiteboards in this room.
When you were creating your prototypes here, did you work together or did you like do separate projects?
We we worked together,. we sort of made different shapes
Well done with the management, I felt well managed.
I think we did well in first of all giving our meetings the time,
It's kinda fun.
We we did a good job of making firm decisions at the ends of the meetings. I know what happens sometimes is that you tend to sort of have meetings and then people sorta drift away without anything actually really being decided. But I think here we got we got clear and and decisive decisive points at the end of the meetings,
I think the last time we had a lot of information, but at the same time not quite enough,. like we we couldn't answer every single question.
And I I felt the first two meetings, that I was coming in with no information,
I'm a little I am a little disappointed that we didn't do a something for losing the remote,. Just gonna make I'm making full minutes,. so that it'll include all of the agenda and all that.
How much of your PowerPoint was already done for you,
Most of it,
I didn't even think about adding slides,. 'cause I would just get slides with titles on them. I think the and, especially if the yellow and black one.
I think we just need the the RR,. 'cause they didn't give me any clear, like yellow, grey, or.
I guess it is black, grey. I just feel like if you're really doing like a a really big market evaluation, you wouldn't just have like one set of source,